Release Notes 15.5 (#18558)
opf/openproject: docs/release-notes/15-5-0/README.md

Clicking on the dropdown symbol expands the view to show all related child work packages, each marked with a **Child** label:

![Work package table with expanded children work packages in the children column](openproject-15-5-children-work-package-table-unfolded.png)

### Improved date picker rendering in mobile screens

The date picker now uses the native mobile date input and **opens in a full-screen modal on small screens**. This improves accessibility and interaction. The mini calendar has been removed to reduce clutter and improve usability on mobile devices.

### PDF exports matching configured form layout

Single work package PDF exports now **follow the configured form layout**, including attribute groups, field order, and long text fields. For example, if the Date field is grouped with other scheduling fields in your form configuration, it will appear the same way in the PDF — not split into separate start and end dates.

You can also **export in portrait or landscape orientation**, and **query group tables are included if configured**. If a table doesn’t fit on the page, a note is displayed instead.

> ### Chronical ordering of relations

Reviewer: I think this should be "Chronological", not "chronical"

- [Custom fields](../../user-guide/projects/project-settings/work-packages/#work-package-custom-fields)

The previous individual entries have been moved into this grouped view. Existing URLs now redirect to their new locations, ensuring a smooth transition. This is a structural improvement only — no changes were made to permissions or underlying functionality.

### Classic meetings marked as unsupported — removal planned for the next release

With the recent improvements to One-time and Recurring meetings, the older Classic meetings are now considered outdated and will be removed in the next OpenProject release (likely version 16.0). This change has been planned and communicated since the introduction of what were then called Dynamic meetings (now One-time and Recurring).

To prepare for this transition, the **Classic option in the + Meeting dropdown is now marked as unsupported**, accompanied by the following notice: “Classic meetings will be removed in the next version of OpenProject.”

![Dropdown menu in the OpenProject Meetings module, with highlighted option of "Classic (unsupported)"](openproject-15-5-classic-meetings-highlighted.png)

> [!NOTE]

> > We recommend switching to the newer Meeting types to benefit from the latest features and ensure a smooth transition. [Read this article to learn more about the reasons and what happens to your existing Classic meetings](https://www.openproject.org/blog/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We recommend switching to the newer Meeting types to benefit from the latest features and ensure a smooth transition. [Read this article to learn more about the reasons and what will happen to your existing Classic meetings](https://www.openproject.org/blog/).
```
